Simple Design
=============

1. Justify each of Beck's rules for Simple Design:

  - **Passes All Tests.** This is necessary to make sure we can change our code without introducing regressions. "Change" is important here, since we'll do this often, either by introducing new features or refactoring the existing code.

  - **Communicates every intention important to the programmers.** "Code will be read more times than it'll be written", therefore a key value for developers is to express ideas in code in a simple (not easy) manner.

  - **Has no duplication of code, or of logic, or of knowledge.** The reason behind this rule is that having the same knowledge spread across the codebase, increases the risk of changing it. It is quite intertwined with the second rule, since if we have the same idea expressed many times in code, we're not really communicating a clear intention.

  - **Contains no unnecessary code.** On the surface this may seem like a suggestion to delete comments and unused methods, for example. However, I think the aim for this rule is probably to avoid convoluted designs that are overly complex and that respect the YAGNI principle.

2. Why are these rules in priority order? Can you find an example where communication overrides avoidance of duplication?

  - It must pass all tests if you want to change the code, therefore the first one is the requirement for all the next ones. Clarity in code helps people understanding what to change and this is the key to have a sustainabile development pace.

  - Tests are a good example (Jay Fields calls them "little universes" that deserve being understood on their own). More generally, removing duplication carries the risk of introducing the wrong abstraction (which is riskier than keeping many "copies" of the same code/idea), therefore it's often better to wait until the code tells that it wants to be extracted (tests help identifying that, e.g. "why I am testing this while testing a totally unrelated behavior?").
